Complete the Dragon Heist job on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.
While wearing the "Mark" mask, finish 25 of Vlad's jobs on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.
In the Big Bank job, start the Big Bank job after having spent all 10 favors in Preplanning. Unlocks the "Retro Foregrip" for the Falcon rifle.
In the Park escape, ensure that no law enforcement enters the park before the escape van arrives.
In the Diamond Store job, don't let any civilians escape, die or leave the Diamond store. Until all bags of loot from the diamond store are secured on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.
While wearing the "Hockey Heat" mask, complete any Armored Transport heist 15 times on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.
On the Transport: Train Heist, steal and secure 20 bags worth of ammo.
On any Armored Transport heist, find the plans for the Train Heist.
In the Shadow Raid job, secure all 4 pieces of the samurai armor. Unlocks the "Somen Mempo" mask.
In The Diamond job, complete the heist while you and your four man crew are wearing one different "Diamond Heist" mask each on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.
In the Breaking Ballot heist of the Election Day job, complete the heist with you and your four man crew without letting anyone getting downed, cloaked or cuffed on the Death Wish difficulty or above.
On day 1 of the Election Day job, tag the right truck and leave within a minute of the start of the heist.
Get 10 or more arrows stuck in a Bulldozer at the same time. Unlocks the "Lone Heister" mask, "Scorpion" material and "Totem" pattern.
I may be homeless, but at least I have a sick knife.
Complete the First World Bank job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above using the PAYDAY: The Heist crew, Reinfeld Shotguns, and Bernetti 9 Pistols.
In the Slaughterhouse job, find the marked pig, secure it in the container and then finish the heist on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.
In the Beneath the Mountain job, open the 4 vaults that contain loot within 10 minutes of starting the heist on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.
In the first day of the Goat Simulator job, secure 6 goats in the escape truck within 1 minute of it arriving. Unlocks the "Scout Goat" mask, "Goat Eye" material and "Giraffe" pattern.
Find and secure the goat in the Firestarter job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above.
In the first day of The Biker Heist, let Mike the mechanic finish the bike without any interruptions on the OVERKILL difficulty or above. Unlocks "The Classic mask", "Hotrod" material and "Engine" pattern.
Kill 8 guards with the Throwing Knife while crouching on the Murky Station job. The heist must be finished for any kills to count. Unlocks the "Hotelier" mask, "Club Lights" material and "Piety" pattern.
Kill 8 guards with the Throwing Knife while crouching on the Murky Station job. The heist must be finished for any kills to count. Unlocks the "Hotelier" mask, "Club Lights" material and "Piety" pattern.
In the Shadow Raid or the First World Bank Jobs, find and pick up the hidden Robot Trophy five times. Unlocks "The Robot" mask.
In the GO Bank or the Four Stores Jobs, find and pick up the hidden Marine Trophy five times. Unlocks "The Marine" mask.
Complete the Safe House Raid on the Death Sentence difficulty with the One Down mechanic activated.
Steal from the Dead.
On day 1 of the Big Oil job, kill all of the bikers within 1 minute of the heist starting.
You found something really weird.
Press [F] to pay respects.
Complete the No Mercy on the hard difficulty or above, getting the power back up within 5 seconds of it being shut down.
In any Branch Bank job, secure loot bags for a value of at least $400.000.
The rhythm is the boss. Unlocks the "Sombrero" Mask.
Find the churro. Unlocks the "Undead Peacock" mask.
Find the hidden presents in the Border Crossing, San Martín Bank, Breakfast in Tijuana, and Buluc's Mansion jobs. Unlocks the "Mega Sangres" mask.
In the Black Cat job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above, complete the heist in stealth while you and your crew used only melee weapons.
In the Black Cat job on the Mayhem difficulty or above, throw 8 body bags overboard and complete the heist in stealth without having killed any civilians.
In the Black Cat job on the OVERKILL difficulty or above, complete the heist in loud having used only one saw at the time to cut the vault beams.
